[voice] I saw
two lights shining.
It was only for an instant,
but it felt like time
had stopped.
They shimmered so brightly
I could almost feel
their warmth
seeping through the window.
In this world of cold,
unforgiving winds,
something was beginning
to change...
Along with the coming
of winter...
Along with the
dropping temperature...
She was beginning
to sleep more often.
The clouds that appeared
a few days ago,
are slowly spreading,
casting a shadow over the land.
The clouds will eventually
cover this world,
and bury the Earth
in white snow.
The icy winds are
already biting at us.
If we don't hurry,
it will be too late.
I felt that this was the time
to make a decision.
Oh, hello.
You've been here watching
over me, haven't you?
[giggle]
Thank you.
Is there something outside?
Do you want to go see?
Careful. Winter's coming soon.
If it gets any colder
than it is now,
I won't be able to move anymore.
Also, if we leave
this house now,
I have a feeling we won't
be able to come back ever again.
Do you still want to go?
What's out there? What do you
want to see so badly?
A place that's different
than this one?
A warm place full of secrets?
A world where every day is fun?
[sigh]
Why is there a portable stove
in the reference room?
[Yukine] We have a lot more here
than just books
and reference materials.
We also have a bunch
of random things
that people don't use anymore.
You're smart, you're cute and
you're great at cooking too.
On top of that, you're
easy to get along with.
Every time
I come to visit you,
it feels like all my
worries just fade away.
That's very sweet of you to say.
It seems like the three
of you are always so cheery.
Yep! We're always finding
ways to have fun!
What about you, Yukine?
You're always holed up
in here by yourself;
doesn't it get
boring sometimes?
No, not at all.
How could I bored when I have
so many visitors all the time?
Visitors, huh?
What the hell was
that about, anyway?
[Yukine] So why did you stop by?
What can I help you with?
Yukine, I'm here
today to express
my undying affection
for you!
Although it's only recently that
I became aware of my feelings...
this love cannot be denied!
I'm flattered that you feel that
way.
However, I think you may be more
happy finding love with someone
a bit better suited to you.
Just like Nagisa! Why do girls
have to turn me down so fast?!
[groaning]
B-Big Sis...
[Youhei screams]
[Yukine] Sudou!
Poor Sudou. Are you all right?
[chuckle]
I screwed up real bad.
Because of my stupid ass,
all my bros got
slaughtered out there...
I can't show my face to them,
I'm too ashamed.
I'm leaving and
never coming back here.
This life is over for me.
From now on, I'm a lone wolf.
But before I fade away,
I had to say goodbye.
I had to see your face
one last time.
[chuckle]
So go ahead and laugh
at a what a pussy I am.
Hey, guys, this is still the
school's reference room, right?
So they say.
He looks like he's really hurt!
Should we call the school nurse?
Please, don't say
such terrible things.
If you became a lone wolf
and faded away,
your bros would miss
you dearly, Sudou.
And I would too.
You mean it, Sis?
Now watch and I'll teach you
a little charm.
Do this...
and this...
Now stay like that and chant,
"I'll always be watching
over you" three times.
If you do it, you'll be able
to make peace with your bros.
I'll always be
watching over you...
watching over you.
I feel like I have
the power to live again!
Quick to recover, isn't he?
Wow, what a great charm.
I'll have to remember that one!
Now you just have to go
apologize to your bros.
No matter how scared you may be,
you can't solve anything
by running away.
You're right as usual,
Big Sis.
Heh. My heart got
all mixed up
and I dunno what
I was thinking...
I'll always tell you, it's no
good to get in fights like that.
You're right, but there are
times in a man's life
when he's gotta use his fists
to speak for his heart.
Hey, guys, hate to interrupt,
but I'm kinda lost here,
could tell me what's going on?
[sigh]
-The truth is-
-[Sudou] The truth is,
Yuki isn't just like
a big sister to our gang,
she's like our boss.
Your boss?
Like a real big sister,
she's always looking out
for us guys.
Patches us up,
body and soul, after a fight.
-And it's not just us, but-
-[window opens]
Figured I'd find
you here, Sudou.
So, you're chasing me down, huh?
If you thought I'd
just let you go,
you're even dumber
than you look!
-Let's do this!
-[Yukine] Wait, you two!
Sorry, Yukine.
You're the last person I wanna
see suffer from all this crap.
I can't even count the times
you've done favors for my pals.
[Sudou] I'm sorry too, Big Sis,
but I can't back down.
This fight is for
the sake of my bros
and for the sake of our honor!
We'll take this outside!
I don't wanna put my big sis
through any more trouble!
I'm with you on that one!
Bye, Yukine. Sorry again!
Big Sis, there's one last thing.
If another idiot like me
comes wandering in,
then take good care
of him for me.
So long!
Sudou, wait!
I know this must seem
strange to you,
but my older brother is actually
the leader of Sudou's gang.
Now that you mention it,
you told me you had
a scary brother.
[Yukine] Right now,
there are two different gangs
fighting for dominance
in this town.
There's the gang my brother
and Sudou come from,
and there's the gang
the other man
in the leather jacket
belongs to.
Their turf is separated
by the river.
Ever since my brother became
the leader of Sudou's gang,
the other gang has started to
lose ground and can't keep up.
Regardless, they still seem to
get into brawls with each other
nearly every day.
If your big brother could turn
the whole gang battle around,
he must be
a really tough guy, huh?
It's hard to say,
but apparently,
he's never lost a fight.
I do know that he keeps his
identity and location a secret,
so that the rival gang
can't ambush him.
Ruling the gang
from the shadows?!
That's so cool!
[Nagisa] What's his name?
I mean, if it's not
a secret, of course.
[Yukine] It's Kazuto.
Kazuto Miyazawa.
-[boy] Don't move!
-[Yukine gasps]
-Miyazawa?!
-You're Yukine, aren't you?!
Give me back my sister!
What are you trying to pull?!
Are you in the same gang
as that guy who...
Hm?
[straining]
It's fine, Okazaki.
I can handle this on my own.
There we go.
Ahh! What are you doing?!
Put me down! Let me go!
Let's just talk this
through, now shall we?
So this sister of yours that you
mentioned, do I know her?
Don't play dumb!
I know who you are!
I know you're in charge
of all those gangs!
[Youhei] Don't act like such
a big-shot, you little twerp.
Huh? Who are you?!
Oh! You're Kazuto Miyazawa,
aren't you?!
-Huh?
-I see.
You've got blonde hair
just like the rumors say!
You're the boss
on this side of the river, huh?
The guy who calls all the shots?
[chuckle]
You got it, kid.
I'm Kazuto Miyazawa, all right.
[Yukine]
Wait... but, uh...
No, no, worry not,
sweet sister.
Let big brother
take care of this.
I'm the man who rules
this town from the shadows.
You touch Yukine,
you answer to me!
[angry grunt]
I don't get it.
What's he doing?
It's just a lame excuse
to look tough.
In the rare event that he finds
someone weaker than him,
he can't wait
to rub it in their face.
Um, hey...
Why don't we find a nice,
quiet place to talk
this through, okay?
[Youhei] I still don't see why
we had to come to my room...
A bigshot like you shouldn't
sweat the small stuff.
I'm sorry, you said
your name was Yuu, right?
I suppose I never had the chance
to properly introduce myself.
As you guessed,
my name is Yukine Miyazawa.
A pleasure to meet you.
Pleased to meet you.
Now these are my friends, Tomoya
Okazaki and Nagisa Furukawa.
Pleased to meet you.
You have great manners,
Yuu, I'm impressed.
F-flattery will get you nowhere!
What a letdown.
I was hoping for violence
and I get a nice
little chat instead.
Now, Yuu, when we met earlier,
you said something about
me returning your sister?
That's right, my sister ran away
from home and joined your gang.
My best friend's big brother
said the gang was run by the
Miyazawas and that one of them
went to Hikarisaka High School.
So I went there to check it out
and sure enough, I ran into you.
And you're willing
to fight a gang boss
to get your sister back?
Aw, what a good boy!
You're so brave!
I heard that Kazuto Miyazawa
gives his orders
from the shadows,
and that no one outside of his
gang has ever seen his face.
I figured looking for
him was a lost cause,
so I came to his
sister instead.
How old's this sister
of yours, anyway?
Oh, uh... pretty sure she's 21.
Anyway, I got a
phone call from her.
She said she was renting
out an apartment
and that she wouldn't
be coming home for a while.
[Tomoya] Uh, is that
something to be worried about?
Oh jeez...
Look, kid, you've
got a sister complex.
Sister, what?
When a 21-year-old moves out,
it's not called
"running away from home,"
it's called "becoming
independent."
It's no big deal.
Oh yeah? Well it's
a big deal when
she's going out
with some gangster thug!
Listen...
while it may be true
that my friends are in a gang
and it may be true that they
have a bad reputation,
that doesn't mean
they're bad people.
They're a bit short-tempered
and they fight an awful lot,
but they're also chivalrous
in a manly sort of way.
[Tomoya] What about us? Do we
look like bad people to you?
[Yuu] You do.
But this lady
looks nice enough, I guess.
Aw, that's sweet, Yuu.
Thank you very much.
Not cute, kid...
Yuu, you're like a
floating dandelion seed.
Huh?
Carried away by the wind on
an incredible journey.
You'll go to new places and meet
wonderful new people as well.
Carried away by the wind...
to new places and new people?
You can't be dependent
on your sister
for the rest of your life.
Although you may be apart,
you still share a bond.
That's what being
family is all about!
Wow.
[Tomoya] That's a pretty
impressive lecture,
coming from him.
He just went through some
sister troubles himself.
I'm sure he's given this sort
of thing a lot of thought.
Yuu, I'm sure you're
still worried about
where your sister ran off to.
I'll try talking
to some of my friends
to see if anyone knows where
she's staying right now.
Does that sound good to you?
All right, thanks.
I really hope you can
find my sister for me.
I'm counting on you, Yukine.
All right. I promise I'll
give it everything I've got.
Somehow, looks like
everything worked out nicely.
Miyazawa's so easygoing,
I don't think anyone
can stay mad at her!
She's really something!
Remind me, why is
this happening again?
Yuu here is gonna follow
me around today
and learn what it means
to be a real man.
He's got spirit,
I'll tell you that much.
He even skipped school!
Teach me your secrets, Master!
Sure, just watch
and learn, kid.
I like to teach by example.
You ready to man up?
Yes, sir!
[groan]
[schoolbell rings]
Master, I think
the bell just rang.
Oh yeah. I guess it did.
Isn't class starting?
As long as you do what
you're supposed to do,
you don't need
to go to class.
Got it?
That's rule number one.
Does he do what
he's supposed to do?
-Not even close.
-Neither do you!
I'll have you know
I've been going to class
every day for weeks.
I'm just hanging around
because you two need my help.
If you don't go to class,
does that mean you guys
are deadbeats?
One of us is a deadbeat,
but it's not me.
Don't say that out loud!
You're ruining my reputation
as an educator!
What exactly were
you teaching him again?
You've heard of a negative
exemplum, right?
I was using that kind
technique to teach him.
Uh, do you even know
what that means?
Not really,
I just heard it on TV.
But it sure does
sound cool, doesn't it?
Hey, I think someone's coming.
Is somebody in here? Ah.
[scream]
Gimme a break. That's the best
hiding spot he could find?
Class is already starting.
Sorry. I was playing
hide-and-seek
with some friends of mine
and I guess I lost
track of the time...
Hide-and-seek?
And where are your
friends right now?
Hey! Okazaki!
It's time for class!
Little bastard.
[Nagisa] What happened?
Did you get in trouble?
Nah, not really. They just
dragged us to the office
and lectured us
half to death.
I wasn't about
to take one for the team
when he was
skipping class, too.
Hey, is this supposed
to teach me how to be a man?
As a negative exemplum,
I'd say he's doing a great job.
Gee, thanks!
Good news; I was able
to get in touch with them.
Not only that,
they know where Yuu's sister
is staying right now.
[excited laughs]
Your sister wants
to see you too,
so we can stop by
right now if you want.
The place where she hangs out
isn't too far from here,
so I'd be happy
to show you the way.
Thanks a lot, Yukine,
you're the best!
Good for him, but we don't
have to tag along, do we?
I don't wanna get stuck in
the middle of another big fight.
I'm sure the big shadow boss
could handle a brawl just fine.
Isn't that right, Kazuto?
If some bad guys show up, I know
you can beat them, Kazuto!
I'm not scared!
[awkward chuckle]
Well, it might not hurt
to be a little scared.
I'm worried. I've never been
to a place like this...
No need to worry.
They may look tough,
but I assure you they're
all quite kind.
I just thought of something.
As soon as those thugs see me,
Yuu is gonna find out
that I'm not really Yukine's
brother after all!
Really? It took you that
long to realize that?
I'm leaving!
You dug your own grave.
Now let's go.
Hello, everyone!
Ah?
-Hey, Big Sis!
-Hey, what's up?
Long time no see, Sis!
It seems like all of you
are doing well!
[gasp] There you are!
Yuu!
I was so worried!
Why'd you run away?!
I'm sorry. I know
you must've been scared,
but I'm doing fine.
Is this kid your little brother?
He's adorable!
He may be a pipsqueak now, but
he's got the look of a real man.
What do you say we all celebrate
with a round of drinks?
No alcohol. He's underage.
Oh, is he? That's a shame.
Sudou's here!
I guess that means
he was able to make peace
with all the guys!
I still can't believe
how popular Miyazawa is.
It's no surprise, since
Big sis Yuki takes care of folks
no matter what side
of the fight they're on.
I can't even count
how many times
she's saved my ass
when I was hurt.
Oh, wait... I know you.
Yeah. Sorry I couldn't
introduce myself back then.
I was having a tough time.
It's fine.
We know it's not your fault.
Hmm?
Do I see someone else
hiding over there?
[deeper voice] Ah... no...
No one worth mentioning
at least.
[scream]
[whimpering]
Hmm? Hey, Kazuto,
what are you doing?
[gasps]
Wh-What?
[screaming]
Little punk.
You trying to make a move
on our big sis Yuki?!
No sir! No sir!
I'm just a friend, I swear!
Does that mean he's not
Kazuto Miyazawa after all?
No way! You were lying
all this time?!
L-look, guys, it's a Drama
Club thing, that's all.
I-I was just honing
my craft for a play!
What gives you the right to
throw around Kazuto's name?
Arrogant prick!
If you weren't pals
with our big sis,
we'd string you up
and hang you out to dry!
Come on, you guys. I owe him for
looking after my little brother.
If nothing else, can you forgive
him for my sake, can't you?
Besides, it looks like
he's really sorry.
[whimpering]
You guys are like
family to me!
I'll never forget this!
Yesterday, I had a long talk
with Yuu before he went home.
He said his parents
and his sister
weren't getting along very well
before she moved out.
Apparently, his mother
and his sister
got into a big fight
about something,
and that was why she decided
to leave the house.
It was no surprise.
Many of the people here
aren't on good terms
with their parents.
They don't feel like they belong
with their family,
so make a new home for
themselves in places like this.
They may look like a gang to
some people, but to each other,
they're probably more
like family, right?
My brother felt that way.
He was never very close
to our parents,
so he had to find
somewhere to belong.
[Tomoya] Someone once told me
that you need a family
to keep yourself
on the right path.
In her case, she didn't mean
your real family, either.
She was on bad terms
with her parents, too.
They had just gone
through a messy divorce.
[Yukine] What happened to her?
Is she all right now?
She went through a lot,
but it seems like her family
is on good terms these days.
I see... That's good to hear.
I was wrong, you're a pretty
funny guy after all.
Y-you think so?
[Yukine] Here you go.
-Huh? Oh...thank you.
-Thanks, it looks delicious!
-You're welcome.
-So, uh...
Will Kazuto be stopping by?
I'd like to meet him.
No, my brother is...
I'm afraid Kazuto is in
the hospital right now.
He was hit by a car when he was
trying to save one of his bros.
Wow, sorry to hear that...
Before he got hurt,
Kazuto used to do some
work for the barkeep here.
Now we're taking care
of the place for him
until he can come back.
We do what we can.
I help out in the kitchen
whenever I have the time.
The more I hear about Kazuto,
the more I want to meet him.
He sounds wonderful!
That's right.
Kazuto's like a brother
to all of us.
He doesn't just
hold us together,
he helps keep us on track, too.
Do you have a picture handy?
I'm kinda curious
to see what he looks like.
I'm afraid I don't
have any pictures.
But if it's any consolation,
people are always
telling me that we look alike.
Is that true?
Yes.
Huh...
That sure was fun, wasn't it?
Think I had a few years
shaved off my life...
Hey, look on the bright side.
You got a taste of
what it feels like
to be a big shadow boss, right?
It's Kazuto Miyazawa!
Huh? M-me?
So we finally get
to see your face, huh?
Didn't know you were
out of the hospital!
We'll make you sorry
you ever crossed us!
Y-you got it all wrong!
Everyone, wait! This isn't him!
I'm sorry, Yukine, but there's
no stopping us now!
Careful, guys, don't hurt Yukine
or the other girl. Go!
This is bad. Run away!
Ah! Wait!
-Hey, get back here!
-[thugs yelling]
-[numerous punches]
-[thugs scream]
What the hell
just happened?
Was that really...
Kazuto Miyazawa?
He's a monster...
No human is that strong...
Picking a fight
was bad enough.
You don't have to
insult me on top of that.
[Nagisa] Thanks, Tomoyo!
You saved us!
[Tomoya] Yeah, thanks.
But what the heck
are you doing here?
I heard there have been
a lot of violent incidents
happening around here lately.
I thought it would be bad if one
of our students got involved,
so I was patrolling the area.
But never mind that.
Why would a bunch of gang
members be targeting you guys?
It's a long story; I don't
quite know where to start...
So now that they got
the wrong idea,
what are we supposed to do?
That's a good question.
[sigh]
[Tomoya]
What about your brother?
Does he even know what's
going on right now?
Sure he's in the hospital,
but he can still reason with his
gang over the phone, can't he?
[Tomoyo] If I were you, I would
stop all this silly fighting
and resolve your differences
while you still can.
If you don't, then both
sides are going to suffer.
[Nagisa] If Kazuto told them
to stop fighting,
they'd listen, right?